---
layout:     post
title:      "Learning step in CV"
subtitle:   " \"Step by step path\""
date:       2023-07-25 09:00:00
author:     "AD"
header-img: "img/post_bg_cv.png"
catalog: true
tags:
    - Step
    - CV
    - Learning
---

### List of steps

- [X] Read an image from file
- [ ] Display an image that you read from file
- [ ] Capture Video using your webcam and display the feed
- [ ] Display back and white live stream from your webcam.
- [ ] Have a slider to change brightness of the webcam live stream. Display.
- [ ] Have a slider to change contrast of the webcam live stream. Display.
- [ ] Capture a snapshot from your webcam. Then display difference between live video stream and this snapshot. (Background subtraction)
- [ ] Display Canny edge image from your live webcam stream
- [ ] Have a slider to change smoothness / sharpness of image from live webcam stream.
- [ ] Display histogram of colors (RGB) from your live webcam stream
- [ ] Perform histogram equalization and display results both raw and equalized.
- [ ] Read two different images of same size (taken from your camera). Animate blending between them.
- [ ] Build a two object recognizer but using background subtraction and color histogram distances.
- [ ] Add edge histogram distances to your two object recognizer above.
- [ ] Draw SIFT / ORB / AKAZE keypoints on an image
- [ ] Use SIFT feature matching to identify and locate an item in your two item recognizer
- [ ] Learn to draw white circles and rectangles on a black image
- [ ] Find disconnected blobs in an image
- [ ] Draw boundingRect and minAreaRect around each blob in an image
- [ ] Given a few random shaped blobs in an image, and one of those random blobs as a template, do template matching to find the location of the blob in the image.
